Safety Features: - Front airbags with the option to deactivate the passenger airbag. - Head airbag system (curtains) and front side and central airbags. - Proactive protection system "Pre Crash Basic" with emergency braking, front seatbelt tensioning, and automatic window and sunroof closing. - "Front Assist" radar system: automatic speed reduction and complete stop in case of potential frontal collision, emergency city braking, pedestrian and cyclist monitoring system, and emergency steering support with turn assist. - Lane Assist system. - Blind Spot Monitoring "Side Assist" monitors traffic around the vehicle within a 90m radius, alerting the driver of approaching vehicles. - Adaptive Cruise Control. - Parking sensors front and rear with a rearview camera. - Traffic sign recognition system with a multifunctional camera. - Electronic parking brake with "Autohold" function. - Tire pressure monitoring system. - ISOFIX mounting points in the front passenger and rear seats. - Alarm system with interior protection and anti-tow protection. Lighting: - LED front and rear lights. - Light Assist with rain sensor, automatically switching between low beam and daytime running lights depending on conditions. Includes "Coming Home/Leaving Home" function. Interior Features: - Keyless access and engine start system (Kessy) . - Electric window lifters in front and rear doors. - 3-zone climate control (Climatronic) . - Remotely adjustable electric air heater and cooler. - 2-spoke multifunction leather steering wheel with heating. - Electrically adjustable, foldable, heated side mirrors. - Interior rearview mirror with automatic dimming. - Front seats with manual height adjustment. - Front armrest with storage compartment. - Asymmetrically split (60/40) and foldable rear seat backrest with central armrest and transport hatch. - Drive Mode Select system. - 12V socket in the luggage compartment. - Illuminated footwell for front and rear passengers. - Umbrella holder with umbrella in the driver's door. - Rear window wiper with washing function (not available for Coupe) . - Textile floor mats. - Front seat heating. - Panoramic glass roof with tinted glass (only for Coupe) . Infotainment: - 13" touchscreen, voice control, Smart Link, digital radio, 2x USB-C ports. - "Infotainment Basic" package: navigation system with "Infotainment Online" multimedia package 3-year subscription. - Bluetooth hands-free system for mobile phones. - Emergency call function. - "i V Remote Services": remote vehicle charging and interior temperature control, time settings. Design and Exterior: - Design package "Loft" (EO) : black/gray seat fabric/artificial leather upholstery, interior LED lighting package. - "Chrome Optic" package: chrome side window trims (standard on 60 Coupe version) . - 19" alloy wheels PROTEUS with 235/55 tires in front and 255/50 R19in the rear. - Roof rails, black (not available for Coupe) . - Roof rails, silver (not available for Coupe) . - High-voltage battery warranty: 8 years or 160,000km. - Built-in AC charger with a maximum power of 11k W. - Charging cable MODE 3for connection to Wallbox charging points. - Universal charging cable (230V/400V sockets) . Warranty: - Manufacturer's warranty: 5 years with a 100,000km mileage limit. Additional Equipment: - Tire repair kit: 12V compressor and repair foam (only for 19"/20" wheels) .